nice all guys or talk foxhound
today guys in this video I wanted you
inform that Saturday or today 20
June 2015
i will organize guys a love lobby
then guys this amoni lobby is
organized on ps3 then and can
only participate in the people who
have ps3 you asked me guys in
really a lot because all the wives
the obligation organized so far have been
organized and xbox 360
and today the boys just arrived
day that I do this money
lobby on ps3 guys to participate
guys and very simple thing you have to
I do n't like doing treatments
video subscribe to the channel having been
again of course if you are
no need to register
once this is done that de comment
below with written participation
and once you have written, I participate
you must also put your id of psn
so write and then join
your id and ps3
once you've done these
small steps you will come say a month
because guys let's face it clear not
so I can invite so many people
put yourself in my shoes in short, you will be
I hope you will be more than 200 300
so I don't know how many you will be hoping
many participate but I can't
therefore invite everyone as it is
very difficult better impossible for me
to do it
so what am I gonna do guys
a draw of 15 people
of these 15 people will come precisely
invite this money lobby that will last
obviously three minutes
what does it mean that I invite in
session and I give you for three minutes I will give you
and just the money and then once that
these three minutes have passed notes
timed
you will be automatically ejected or
I'll just tell you to get out of
session therefore truths precisely excluded
so no guys
I hope and apologize even though I can't
invite all of you guys for me
really impossible because really
you will be and I hope you will be many
so for me boys are difficult
invite everyone I'm trying to give the
possibility for everyone of
participate because I will make money more lobby
often therefore not
worry
so the other guys hope that
you enjoyed this video
so guys we reach at least 400
like or 400 participants in this
money lobby subscribe to the channel if not
will still be for not losing the next ones
the next glitches died the next
in short, I find the next contents
the channel on gta and pass by the 32 channel
twitter also description why
anyone who wanted to follow them on twitter
where do I live on gta
in short, where do I do these live?
a little fool around
so if you want you can just
quietly follow me and nothing
guys we are looking for a video process
a foxhound salute of the